Suggestions for TCP-TLS docs (#27319)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/configuration/listener/tcp/index.mdx

  settings will apply to CLI and UI output in addition to direct API calls.
</Note>

## Default TLS configuration

By default, Vault TCP listeners only accept TLS 1.2 or 1.3 connections and will
drop connection requests from clients using TLS 1.0 or 1.1.

Vault uses the following ciphersuites by default:

- **TLS 1.3** - `TLS_AES_128_GCM_SHA256`, `TLS_AES_256_GCM_SHA384`, or `TLS_CHACHA20_POLY1305_SHA256`.
- **TLS 1.2** - depends on whether you configure Vault with a RSA or ECDSA certificate. 

You can configure Vault with any cipher supported by the
[`tls`](https://pkg.go.dev/crypto/tls) and
[`tlsutil`](https://github.com/hashicorp/go-secure-stdlib/blob/main/tlsutil/tlsutil.go#L31-L57)
Go packages. Vault uses the `tlsutil` package to parse ciphersuite configurations.

<Note title="Sweet32 and 3DES">

  The Go team and HashiCorp believe that the set of cyphers supported by `tls`
  and `tlsutil` is appropriate for modern, secure usage. However, some
  vulnerability scanners may flag issues with your configuration.

  In particular, Sweet32 (CVE-2016-2183) is an attack against 64-bit block size
  ciphers including 3DES that may allow an attacker to break the encryption of

>   long lived connections. According to vulnerability disclosures, Sweet32 took a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  long lived connections. According to the [vulnerability disclosure](https://sweet32.info/), Sweet32 took a
```

Reviewer: Bringing in relevant link from draft (context may be useful for reader).

  single HTTPS session with 785 GB of traffic to break the encryption.

  As of May 2024, the Go team does not believe the risk of Sweet32 is sufficient
  to remove existing client compatibility by deprecating 3DES support, however,

>   the team did de-prioritize .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the team did [de-prioritize 3DES](https://github.com/golang/go/issues/45430) in favor of AES-based ciphers.
```

Reviewer: Bringing in relevant link from draft (context may be useful for reader).
